Update contexts.md (#23492)
github/docs: content/actions/learn-github-actions/contexts.md

The `inputs` context contains input properties passed to an action{% ifversion actions-unified-inputs %},{% else %} or{% endif %} to a reusable workflow{% ifversion actions-unified-inputs %}, or to a manually triggered workflow{% endif %}. {% ifversion actions-unified-inputs %}For reusable workflows, the{% else %}The{% endif %} input names and types are defined in the [`workflow_call` event configuration](/actions/learn-github-actions/events-that-trigger-workflows#workflow-reuse-events) of a reusable workflow, and the input values are passed from [`jobs.<job_id>.with`](/actions/learn-github-actions/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions#jobsjob_idwith) in an external workflow that calls the reusable workflow. {% ifversion actions-unified-inputs %}For manually triggered workflows, the inputs are defined in the [`workflow_dispatch` event configuration](/actions/learn-github-actions/events-that-trigger-workflows#workflow_dispatch) of a workflow.{% endif %}

> The standard properties in the inputs are defined only for [`workflow_dispatch` event](/actions/learn-github-actions/events-that-trigger-workflows#workflow_dispatch).

Reviewer: I believe this sentence was trying to convey that the property names are dependent on the workflow. How about something like:
```suggestion
The properties in the `inputs` context are defined in the workflow file. They are only available in a [reusable workflow](/actions/learn-github-actions/reusing-workflows){% ifversion actions-unified-inputs %} or in a workflow triggered by the [`workflow_dispatch` event](/actions/learn-github-actions/events-that-trigger-workflows#workflow_dispatch){% endif %}
```
